docs(readme): update certification details (#39381)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: README.md

[freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.freecodecamp.org) is a friendly community where you can learn to code for free. It is run by a [donor-supported 501(c)(3) nonprofit](https://donate.freecodecamp.org) to help millions of busy adults transition into tech. Our community has already helped more than 10,000 people get their first developer job.

> Our full-stack web development and Machine learning with Python curriculum is completely free and self-paced. We have thousands of interactive coding challenges to help you expand your skills.

Reviewer: The M in machine learning shouldn't be capitalized here. And there's no need to say "with Python"

Author: Updated the requested changes.

  <br />
  <br />
  **Projects**: Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator, Demographic Data Analyzer, Medical Data Visualizer, Page View Time Series Visualizer, Sea Level Predictor
  
#### 9. Information Security Certification

- [Information Security with HelmetJS](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs)
- [Python for Penetration Testing](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/information-security/python-for-penetration-testing)
  <br />
  <br />
  **Projects**: Stock Price Checker, Anonymous Message Board, Port Scanner, SHA-1 Password Cracker, Secure Real Time Multiplayer Game 
  
#### 10. Machine Learning with Python Certification

- [TensorFlow](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/machine-learning-with-python/tensorflow)
- [How Neural Networks Work](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/machine-learning-with-python/how-neural-networks-work)
  <br />
  <br />
  **Projects**: Rock Paper Scissors, Cat and Dog Image Classifier, Book Recommendation Engine using KNN, Linear Regression Health Costs Calculator, Neural Network SMS Text Classifier
  
#### Full Stack Development Certification

> Once you have earned all 6 of these certifications, you'll be able to claim your freeCodeCamp.org Full Stack Development Certification. This final distinction signifies that you’ve completed around 1,800 hours of coding with a wide range of web development tools.

Reviewer 2: If we are updating the certifications, the Full Stack certification could use some clarification as well.

Author: I have committed those changes, I'm not sure how does that get updated on the PR.

Reviewer 2: When you commit the changes to your branch, it automatically updates the PR as well. 🙂

Author: Could you please check out the new changes made as requested?

- [NumPy](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/data-analysis-with-python/numpy)
  <br />
  <br />
  **Projects**: Mean-Variance-Standard Deviation Calculator, Demographic Data Analyzer, Medical Data Visualizer, Page View Time Series Visualizer, Sea Level Predictor
  
#### 9. Information Security Certification

- [Information Security with HelmetJS](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/information-security/information-security-with-helmetjs)
- [Python for Penetration Testing](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/information-security/python-for-penetration-testing)
  <br />
  <br />
  **Projects**: Stock Price Checker, Anonymous Message Board, Port Scanner, SHA-1 Password Cracker, Secure Real Time Multiplayer Game 
  
#### 10. Machine Learning with Python Certification

- [TensorFlow](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/machine-learning-with-python/tensorflow)
- [How Neural Networks Work](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/machine-learning-with-python/how-neural-networks-work)
  <br />
  <br />
  **Projects**: Rock Paper Scissors, Cat and Dog Image Classifier, Book Recommendation Engine using KNN, Linear Regression Health Costs Calculator, Neural Network SMS Text Classifier
  

> #### Full Stack Development and Python Certifications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Legacy Full Stack Development Certification
```

Modify this title.

> Once you have earned 6 of these Front End Web Development skills and Back End API design certifications, you'll be able to claim your freeCodeCamp.org Full Stack Development Certification along with Additional Certifications in Python, in the emerging field of Data Science and Machine Learning. This final distinction signifies that you’ve completed around 3,000 hours of coursework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have earned the Responsive Web Design, Algorithms and Data Structures, Front End Libraries, Data Visualization, APIs and Microservices, and Legacy Information Security and Quality Assurance certifications, you'll be able to claim your freeCodeCamp.org Full Stack Development Certification. This distinction signifies that you've completed around 1,800 hours of coding with a wide range of web development tools.
```

I think we should specifically mention the requirements for the Full Stack certification, and remove the mention of the python certifications.
